You can't get an Uber at night in this villa area.
There were guest rooms on the second floor,
and you could just pick one to stay for the night.
That's why Mr. Miller meant I'm the one who's making things up.
No, thank you. I'm afraid I'll disturb your rest.
I will be sleeping on the third floor, and you're on the second.
So, how are you going to disturb me?
It's 2am, and you will come over here tomorrow morning for work.
You sure you want to go back?
Okay, then I'll stay. I'm gonna go now.
Good night, Mr. Miller.
Mr. Miller got not even the pretty face, but also a hot body.
What woman would cheat on such a flawless man?
Unless...
He's only got a pretty face, by not good and bad.
Oh, guess Mr. Miller could not satisfy his wife,
so she had an affair with another man?
Mrs. Miller, you're back!